sore: a part of your body that is painful, because of infection or because you have used a muscle too much, or upset, angry, and annoyed especially because you have not been treated fairly.(aching, bruised, inflamed | painless )

utterly: completely - used especially to emphasize that something is very bad, or that a feeling is very strong.(absolutely, altogether, completely, extremely, totally | inadequately, incompletely, partially, partly)

astounding: so surprising that it is almost impossible to believe.(astonishing, breathtaking, overwhelming, shocking, startling, wondrous)

sedimentary: made of the solid substances that settle at the bottom of the sea, rivers, lakes etc.

persuade: to made someone decide to do something, especially by giving them reasons why they should do it, or asking them many to do it, or to make someone believe something or feel sure about something(convince, advise, assure,  coax, enlist, entice, incline | discourage, dissuade, halt, prevent) 

anchor: a piece of heavy metal that is lowered to the bottom of the sea, a lake etc to prevent a ship or boat moving. (mainstay )

artillery: large guns, either on wheels of fixed in one place.

ingenuity: skill at inventing things and thinking of new ideas.

migrate: if birds or animals migrate, they travel regularly from one part of the world to another(migratory), or if people migrate, they go to live in another area or country especially in order to find work(emigrate), to start using different computer system, or to arrange for people to start using a different computer system.  (emigrate,  immigrate, roam, shift, trek, wander | remain, stay )

hollow: having an empty space inside.

ashore: on or towards the shore of a lake, river, sea etc. 

steep: a road, hill etc that is steep slopes at a high angle, or steep prices, charges etc are unusually expensive(low), involving a big increase or decrease(sharp).

dangling: to hang or swing loosely, or to make something do this. (drooping)

depict: to describe, something or someone on writing or speech, or to show them in a painting, picture etc. (characterize, illustrate, portray, represent, sketch | hide)

peril: literary or formal great danger, especially of being harmed or killed in peril, danger or problem in a particular activity or situation 

despicable: extremely bad, immoral, or cruel (contemptible, degrading, disgraceful, disreputable, loathsome, shameful | good, honorable, kind, nice, reputable, respectable)

diligent: someone who is diligent works hard and is careful and thorough (active, assiduous, attentive, careful, eager, earnest, indefatigable | careless, ignorant, neglectful)

vanquish: to defeat someone or something completely (conquer, crush, overcome, repress | surrender, let go, lose, release, yield)

beneath: in or to a lower position than something, or directly under something (underneath, below)

incinerate: to burn something completely in order to destroy it. (cremate, ignite, burn)
