
epidemic: a large number of cases of a disease that happen at the same time (pandemic), a sudden increase in the number of times that something bad happens.

emaciated: extremely thin from lack of 
or illness.

gaunt: very thin and pale, especially because of illness or continued worry. 

fortify: to build towers, walls etc around an area or city in order to defend it, to encourage an area or city in order to defend it, to encourage an attitude or feeling and make it stronger, or written to make someone feel physically or mentally stronger(like fortify yourself with something)

obstinate: determined not to change your ideas,  behaviour, opinions etc, even when other people think you are being unreasonable.

nimble: able to move quickly and easily with light neat movements (agile )

refugee: someone who has been forced to leave their country, especially during a war, or for political or religious reasons.

obliterate: to destroy something completely so that nothing remains, to remove a thought, feeling, or memory from someone's mind, to cover something completely so that it cannot be seen.

pentacle:  five tailed star in magic

oblige: if you are obliged to do something, you have to do it because the situation, the law, a duty etc makes it necessary.

noblesse oblige: the idea that people who belong to a high social class should behave in a kind and generous way towards people of a lower social class.

dismantle: to take a machine or piece of equipment apart so that it is separate pieces, to gradually get rid of a system or organization. 

inquire: to ask someone for information

repent: to be sorry for something and wish you had not done it - used especially when considering your actions in a religious way.

demote: to make someone's rank or position lower or less important(| promote)

exile: a situation in which you are forced to leave your country and live in another country, especially for political reasons.

agonize: to think about a difficult decision very carefully and with a lot of effort.

formidable: very powerful of impressive, and often frightening, difficult to deal with and needing a lot of effort or skill

remedy: a way of dealing with a problem or making a bad situation better (solution), a medicine to cure an illness or pain that is not very serious

scoundrel: a bad or dishonest man, especially someone who cheats or deceives other people.

renaissance: a new interest in something, especially a particular form of art, music etc, that has not been popular for a long period.

acorn: the nut of the oak tree.

dud: something that is useless, especially because it does not work correctly 

surveyor: someone whose job is to examine the condition of a building, or to measure and record the details of an area of land 



