lullaby: a slow quiet song sung to children to make them go to sleep.(berceuse, music, song)

countenance: face expression.(appearance, demeanor)

dismal: if a situation or a place is dismal, it is so bad that it makes you feel very unhappy and hopeless or bad and unsuccessful.(depressing , discouraging, ghastly | bright,  cheerful, clear, )

renowned: known and admired by a lot of people, especially for a special skill, achievement, or quality.(acclaimed distinguished, eminent, esteemed, famed, prominent | unnoticeable, unimportant, inferior)

manor: a big old house with a large area of land around it, especially when it belongs to an important man, under the feudal system (mansion)

medieval: connected to the middle ages (1100~1500 Ad, antique, archaic, feudal, gothic, primitive | current, modern new present)

uptight: behaving in an angry way because you are feeling nervous and worried, having strict traditional attitudes and seeming unable to relax. (anxious, apprehensive, cautious, edgy, nervous, uneasy | calm, composed)

con man: someone who tries to get money from people by tricking them. (con, crook, hustler, swindler)

aristocrat: someone who belongs to the highest social class. (noble | commoner, plebian, proletariat)

detest: to hate someone or something very much. (loathe, despise, abhor | admire, cherish, like)

recur: if something, especially something bad or unpleasant, recurs, it happens again. (persist, reappear | halt, stop)

heir: to the person who has the legal right to receive the property or title of another person when they die. (inheritor, scion)

ripe: ripe fruit or crops are fully grown and ready to eat. (mature, overdue, plump, ready | immature, unprepared, unready)

furrow: a deep line or fold in the skin of someone's face, specially on the forehead or a wide deep line made in the surface of something, especially the ground. ( channel, corrugation, crease, crinkle, dike)

compensate: to replace or balance the effect of something bad, or to pay someone money because they have suffered injury, loss, or damage. (atone, pay, recoup, refund, satisfy | lose, penalize )

brownie: a thick flat chocolate cake.

misconduct: formal bad or dishonest behavior by someone in a position of authority or trust. (dereliction, immorality, offence | behavior, obedience)

cognitive: related to the process of knowing, understanding, and learning something.

distortion: to change the appearance, sound, or shape of something so that is strange or unclear. (bias, exaggeration, lie, misinterpretation )

prejudice: an unreasonable dislike and distrust of people who are different from you in some way, especially because of their race, sex, religion etc - used to show disapproval. 

cling: to hold someone or something tightly, especially because you do not feel safe. (adhere, clasp, fasten | loose, unfasten)

residence: formal a house, especially a large or official one. or legal permission to live in a country for a period of time. (apartment, dwelling, headquarters, home, house)
